REFLECTIONS LESSON 1

1. How did viewing a difference between two versions of a file
		helped you see the bug that was introduced?

	I learned that you can easily analyze what went wrong
	because the computer already handed you the areas in which
	the two versions were somewhat different form each other when it
	was compared, thus saving a lot of time and effort rather
	than searching for the difference in each version manually.

2. How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

	You can easily go back to a point in time where the version of your program is working, and easily debug problems or easily go back to a point where you changed or erased something and eventually needed it back again whether to use it or just analyze it for some matter.

3. What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having 			versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

	Pros
	-you will have more control on the commits, thus
		being able to understand the history more
	-your commits would be more meaningful rather than
		random commits in which some arent really necessary

	Cons
	-just as the lesson said, it is decision-based, you
	can either forget to commit on rather important things
	and such. So it is up to the person if he/she can commit the program well.

4. Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like 		Google Docs, treat each file separately?

	because git is more on programming, and codes
	have rather interrelated files, in which one change on a file can significantly affect other files in which it is related to.

5.How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

	like when you need to see the changes you did for the past versions of your program

6. How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

	I wont , there would be errror messages so i would maybe understand what im doing wrong or something.


7. Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

	Versioning code for android studio